Add "publish to Artifact Hub" page (#134)
kubewarden/docs: docs/distributing-policies/publish-policy-to-artifact-hub.md

  of the Git repository that holds the policy source code. This approach is the 
  simplest one. The only limitation is that only the latest version of the policy
  will be visible on Artifact Hub.

The last approach is what we used inside of our official policy templates.
The Git repository that is scaffolded includes the `artifacthub-pkg.yml`
and `artifacthub-repo.yml` files.

## Publishing Steps

Before publishing a policy to Artifact Hub, you must create an account on
the [website](https://artifacthub.io/).

Before publishing the policy, ensure your Git repository has the proper layout.

If you created the policy using one of our templates, ensure the `artifacthub-pkg.yml` file
has correct data inside of it.
The format of the `artifacthub-pkg.yml` is described [here](https://github.com/artifacthub/hub/blob/master/docs/metadata/artifacthub-pkg.yml).

Finally, ensure your policy is published inside of a container registry or on a
web server.

:::note
Right now the contents of the `artifacthub-repo.yml` file are not relevant.
:::

Once everything is in place, log into Artifact Hub and go to your
[control plane](https://artifacthub.io/control-panel/repositories?page=1).

> Decide whether you want to publish the policy as a user or under an Artifact Hub
> organization you belong to. This is done by choosing the correct *"control panel context"*.
> 
> Then press the *"Add"* button and fill the form:
> 
>   * Choose *"Kubewarden policies"* as kind.
>   * Enter a *"Name"* and *"Display name"* of your choice.
>   * Enter the URL to your Git repository.
> 
> Finally, press the *"Add"* button. This will bring you back to the *"Repositories"*
> page, where you will see your freshly created repository.
> 
> Each repository has several information fields. Find the *"ID"* property of the
> repository you just created and copy it.

Author: @divya-mohan0209 : thought about what you said during the standup. What about making everything less "artifact hub docs":

```suggestion
From your control plane, add a new Artifact Hub by following the guided procedure.
Once this done, copy the value of the *"ID"* property that Artifact Hub
assigned to the freshly created repository.
```

Reviewer: I think this looks good, Flavio. However, if the guided procedure doesn't include the actual steps you mentioned Id rather we retain it as-is.

Author: Currently ArtifactHub's docs do not have this kind of content. Hence I'll leave this text unchanged.

Reviewer: That is fine by me!

---
sidebar_label: "Publish to Artifact Hub"
title: ""
---

# Publish Policy to Artifact Hub

[Artifact Hub](https://artifacthub.io/) is a website where users can find,
install and publish packages and configurations for CNCF projects.

Kubewarden policies can be published on Artifact Hub and made
discoverable to the wide audience of CNCF users.

:::note
Artifact Hub is content aggregator, it doesn't actually host the
artifacts that are published on it.

> Kubewarden Policies need to be physically hosted by a container

Reviewer: So this is a general requirement for Artifact Hub and I think should be stated as such.
```suggestion
Artifact Hub requires you to physically host container image repositories on a container
```

registry or a web server.
See the *"[distributing policies](../distributing-policies)"* section for more information about how to
host your policies.
:::

> 

Author: Sorry, I don't get this comment.

The next section is going to talk about how to do publishing on Artifact Hub. But, to publish on Artifact Hub you still need to have your policy hosted somewhere. So this "note" section is there to clarify that Artifact Hub is **not** meant as a replacement for a container registry (let's say `ghcr.io`); you still need to find a hosting solution for your `.wasm` file

> 

Reviewer: So - what I meant was after the note & before the actual heading below, we need to add a statement that we're going to talk about the publishing process. Just as a segue.

> 

Author: Understood. I've fixed that

Artifact Hub is pretty flexible, you can organize your code in these ways:

* Have a Git repository dedicated to Artifact Hub: this repository will not contain
  any policy source code. It will be a collection of the YAML files required by
  Artifact Hub.
* Add a Artifact Hub directory inside of the Git repository that holds the source
  of your policy. This is an iteration of the previous approach, the only difference
  is that it focuses just on one policy: the one defined inside of the Git repository.
  This approach allows to keep multiple versions of the policy published on Artifact Hub.
* Add the `artifacthub-pkg.yml` and the `artifacthub-repo.yml` files to the root
  of the Git repository that holds the policy source code. This approach is the 
  simplest one. The only limitation is that only the latest version of the policy
  will be visible on Artifact Hub.

The last approach is what is used inside of our official policy templates.
The Git repository that is scaffolded will include the `artifacthub-pkg.yml`
and `artifacthub-repo.yml` files.

## Publishing Steps

Before publishing a policy to Artifact Hub, you must create an account on

> the [website](https://artifacthub.io/). To do that, use the *"Sign Up"* button

Reviewer: Just mentioning this should suffice. We do not want to explicitly provide click-this-button type steps which should be common knowledge. However, providing the context that signup is mandatory is relevant.
```suggestion
the [website](https://artifacthub.io/).
```

at the top of the page.

Before publishing the policy, ensure your Git repository has the proper layout.

If you created the policy using one of our templates, ensure the `artifacthub-pkg.yml` file
has correct data inside of it.
The format of the `artifacthub-pkg.yml` is described [here](https://github.com/artifacthub/hub/blob/master/docs/metadata/artifacthub-pkg.yml).

Finally, ensure your policy is published inside of a container registry or on a
web server.

:::note
Right now the contents of the `artifacthub-repo.yml` file are not relevant.
:::

Once everything is in place, log into Artifact Hub and go to your
[control plane](https://artifacthub.io/control-panel/repositories?page=1).

Decide whether you want to publish the policy as an user or under an Artifact Hub

> organization you belong to. This is done by choosing the right *"control panel context"*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organization you belong to. This is done by choosing the correct *"control panel context"*.
```

Then press the *"Add"* button and fill the form:

  * Choose *"Kubewarden policies"* as kind.
  * Enter a *"Name"* and *"Display name"* of your choice.
  * Enter the URL to your Git repository.

Finally, press the *"Add"* button. This will bring you back to the *"Repositories"*
page, where you will see your freshly created repository.

> Each repository has a series of information. Find the *"ID"* property of the

Reviewer 2: Nit:

```suggestion
Each repository has several information fields. Find the *"ID"* property of the
```

Or something similar, it's just that here the plural + singular of `series of information` sounds weird.
